Improve Policies page (#1045)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-code/policies.md

        <dd>
            The top header consists of:
            <ul>

>                 <li><i class="fa-solid fa-gear"></i> <b>Rule Modes</b> button where you can specify integrations for the rule modes. Modes are actions that rules perform when they detect a finding. The modes that you can edit are Monitor, Comment, Block. When you click Rule Modes button, and the click <b>Edit</b> button of a mode, you can add integrations such as <a href="/semgrep-cloud-platform/email-notifications/">Email</a>, <a href="/semgrep-cloud-platform/slack-notifications/">Slack</a>, and <a href="/semgrep-cloud-platform/webhooks/">Webhook</a> for each of the modes. As a result, you are notified through these integrations when a rule with assigned mode detects a finding.</li>

Author: @armchairlinguist I agree! I know that a rule does not do any action by itself, I am just trying to make simplifications so we avoid complicated sentences... (Rules also not detecting findings - Semgrep that uses a rule detects a finding etc.)

```suggestion
                <li><i class="fa-solid fa-gear"></i> <b>Rule Modes</b> button where you can view rule mode behavior and specify integrations for each rule mode. Modes define actions that occur when a rule detects a finding. The modes that you can edit are Monitor, Comment, Block. When you click the Rule Modes button, and then click <b>Edit</b> button of a mode, you can add integrations such as <a href="/semgrep-cloud-platform/email-notifications/">Email</a>, <a href="/semgrep-cloud-platform/slack-notifications/">Slack</a>, and <a href="/semgrep-cloud-platform/webhooks/">Webhook</a> for each of the modes. When an integration has been added to a mode, you are notified through the integration when a rule with the assigned mode detects a finding.</li>
```
